release note v6.3.0: reduce the impact of big queries (#11467)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.3.0.md

### Stability

* Reduce the impact of resource-consuming queries on the response time of lightweight queries [#13313](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/13313) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)

>     When resource-consuming queries and lightweight queries are executed at the same time, the response time of lightweight queries is affected. In this case, to ensure the quality of transactional services, lightweight queries need to be processed first. In v6.3.0, TiKV optimizes the scheduling mechanism of read requests, so that the execution time of resource-consuming queries in each round can meet expectations. This drastically reduces the impact of resource-consuming queries on the response time of lightweight queries and reduces P99 latency by more than 50% for mixed workload scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When resource-consuming queries and lightweight queries are executed at the same time, the response time of lightweight queries is affected. In this case, to ensure the quality of transactional services, lightweight queries are expected to be processed by TiDB first. In v6.3.0, TiKV optimizes the scheduling mechanism of read requests, so that the execution time of resource-consuming queries in each round can meet expectations. This drastically reduces the impact of resource-consuming queries on the response time of lightweight queries and reduces P99 latency by more than 50% for mixed workload scenarios.
```
